README.md, before:

# 🦆 Quack

*Formerly Seeds*

A Discord bot focused on making Discord safer. Providing exceptional tools for moderation and community protection.

All Quack's commands use Discord's
[slash command interface](https://discord.com/developers/docs/interactions/application-commands#slash-commands)

[![License](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-MIT-blue.svg)](LICENSE)
[![GitHub issues](https://img.shields.io/github/issues/seedsdiscord/bot)](https://github.com/seedsdiscord/bot/issues)
[![GitHub forks](https://img.shields.io/github/forks/seedsdiscord/bot)](https://github.com/seedsdiscord/bot/network)
[![GitHub stars](https://img.shields.io/github/stars/seedsdiscord/bot)](https://github.com/seedsdiscord/bot/stargazers)

## Running Locally

Quack uses Go v1.22.2 please make sure you have this installed. Please also ensure you have created a bot via [Discord's Developer Portal](https://discord.com/developers/applications).

1. Clone.

```
mkdir quack && cd quack
git clone https://github.com/seedsdiscord/bot
cd bot
```

2. Set up environment variables.

-   Create a `.env.local` in the root of the project.
-   Refer to [`config.ts`](./config.ts) to see all the required enviornment variables.
-   Feel free to omit any for testing.

3. Start the bot!

```
go run .
```

-   This will run the bot.

## Contributing

1. Fork the repository
2. Create a new branch: `git checkout -b feature/new-feature`
3. Make your changes and commit them: `git commit -m 'Add new feature'`
4. Push to the branch: `git push origin feature/new-feature`
5. Open a pull request

## License

This project is licensed under the MIT License - see the [LICENSE](./LICENSE) file for details.

Commit message:

update readme and add .env.example

README.md, after:

# 🦆 Quack

_Formerly Seeds_

A Discord bot focused on making Discord safer. Providing exceptional tools for moderation and community protection.

All Quack's commands use Discord's
[slash command interface](https://discord.com/developers/docs/interactions/application-commands#slash-commands)

[![License](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-MIT-blue.svg)](LICENSE)
[![GitHub issues](https://img.shields.io/github/issues/seedsdiscord/bot)](https://github.com/seedsdiscord/bot/issues)
[![GitHub forks](https://img.shields.io/github/forks/seedsdiscord/bot)](https://github.com/seedsdiscord/bot/network)
[![GitHub stars](https://img.shields.io/github/stars/seedsdiscord/bot)](https://github.com/seedsdiscord/bot/stargazers)

## Running Locally

Quack uses Go v1.22.2 please make sure you have this installed. Please also ensure you have created a bot via [Discord's Developer Portal](https://discord.com/developers/applications).

1. Clone.

```
mkdir quack && cd quack
git clone https://github.com/seedsdiscord/bot
cd bot
```

2. Set up environment variables.

- Create a `.env.local` in the root of the project.
- Refer to [`.env.example`](./env.example) to see all the required enviornment variables.
- Refer to [`config.json`](./config.json) to see more configuration options.
- Feel free to omit any for testing.

3. Start the bot!

```
go run .
```

- This will run the bot.

## Contributing

1. Fork the repository
2. Create a new branch: `git checkout -b feature/new-feature`
3. Make your changes and commit them: `git commit -m 'Add new feature'`
4. Push to the branch: `git push origin feature/new-feature`
5. Open a pull request

## License

This project is licensed under the MIT License - see the [LICENSE](./LICENSE) file for details.
